hi I'm Cheryl and play we are going
retro
the porsche 912 is a vintage sports car
that went on for a five-year production
run from nineteen sixty five to nineteen
sixty-nine about 30,000 units of this
car will produce and currently only two
can be found in singapore so what's it
like to own this 1967 model why are they
about a car do you like there's gonna
deter study the cars like a woman so you
know these caricatures it's like a rare
find and if someone wants to buy it are
you willing to sell it if i can find the
right person the right mindset stop it
and how much could they be trying to
alright so now let's test drive you
three hundred thousand dollars cash are
we gonna spend eighty five thousand
dollars on the car forty thousand
dollars on the co ii and eighty thousand
dollars on restoration if you do the
math the owner has spent about two
hundred thousand dollars on this car now
I realize white will get go to all the
efforts to what
we go at me for Cabo daily because the
feeling of driving is just so wrong you
know you feel everything we need luck
are you working
you just forget you can get any go back
to be thickness is something about
driving a vintage high that you know
missus realign and scroll reliably or
electronic into these cars by composers
theory in the cause of it we have power
steering much you know just now when i
was doing are you done are actually tiny
bit of a struggle who are properly in
our practice today but i tell yourself
really i'm hearing my half mass of the
compound moving in singapore low in
vintage car owners can opt for a vintage
car scheme under this scheme owners
pages ten percent of the rotax co e and
insurance compared to regular cars the
cars can then be driven up to 28 days a
year of the $80,000 the high spin to
restore a car understanding 30,000
follow
what what ing know me they did imagine
how costly it is to be there or or
replace parts of a classic I mean and
it's not just about the money because
usually have to win look for the part
that is new friends or online overseas
even there is definitely great
excitement anointing of vintage European
car although it comes with a huge price
tag it would transport you back in time
and you can be assured that you won't be
seeing others driving the same car as
you are